it's the controversial program that's
got Scotland talking last night more
people here watch the scheme then
watched EastEnders but they'll have a
bit of a wait to see the final two
episodes it's been pooled by BBC
Scotland lawyers after one of the as yet
unseen characters appeared in court
earlier this week and some people say it
would be better if they're never shown
our reporter Laura Baker has been to an
tank in Kilmarnock where the series was
filmed this has become one of the most
watched TV shows in Scotland over half a
million are cooped even bill at the dog
has his own fan site on Facebook but the
final two episodes are now postponed
after one of the show's subjects was
charged with assault someone not yet
seen on screen has been arrested this is
the other on thank gathered for sports
day there's relief here the shoe is off
fear when I watch it my stomach thumbs
because I stay here I think it has good
points and bad points last night's show
I mean it focused on them trying to open
the community centre and you know doing
doing a bit of good in the area I think
it would be nice to have a follow-up
program to show the good side of things
rather than the down side of things most
of the characters in the scheme came to
this much-loved school the head teacher
is concerned about how the area is being
protrude I personally would like to see
Esther to stay off there yes it's max my
own personal view why
I don't think it portrays our community
and it doesn't it doesn't give us the
flavor of what the community is really
like critics have dubbed the program
poverty porn we see it exploits its
subjects holding them up for the middle
classes to ridicule this is about real
people drew lives that are stories and
situations like this being played out
all across Scotland and across the UK
but I do think that yes there is a
fascination when you get an opportunity
to have an insight into somebody else's
daily weekly monthly routine and life
the celebrations in Unthank may be
short-lived the scheme will be back
whether its gritty drama or voyeuristic
viewing programme makers have asked the
audience to watch all four episodes
before they make up their minds Laura
Baker reporting Scotland Kilmarnock